{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat5\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18860\viewh13900\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Screenshot
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 1. Do you find yourself spending too much time on endless distractions and becoming unproductive? *Blur Facebook view*\
\ls1\ilvl02. Responsible phone usage made easy\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Remain deliberate as to why you are using your phone *Widget photo*\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 3. Use your phone freely so long as you remember why you are using it *Notification swipe down to set a timer*\
\ls2\ilvl04. Set a timer in the widget when you turn on your phone\'85\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	And we will remind you when to stop! *Blur quora view with notification*\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 5. Start today on your journey towards maintaining a healthy digital lifestyle *Widget running*\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Description in app store
\f1\b0 \
Rails aims to introduce responsible phone usage.\
\
After a long day, we all want to unwind by checking out the latest news, or play a few rounds of game. However, we sometimes lose track of time and end up using our phones for hours when we wanted to only briefly interact with it. This is even more prevalent with the introduction of endless scrolling, unlimited new content, and autoplay of suggestion videos. One solution is to delete these apps and not to use them at all, but there is a better solution that allows you to relax while remaining productive.\
\
Instead of discouraging you from totally using your phone, we believe that using your phone for any means is acceptable as long as you remain in control. The app encourages you to be conscious of why you are using your phone and how long you want to use it for. This ensures that you do not sidetrack from your goal and spend hours on games and the social media. \
___________________________________________\
Features:\
Widget: Place your app in the widget and access it from the homescreen. Hold down the app to set the time you can use the app.\
Delayed gratification: Wait for 10 seconds before each app launch (that can be bypassed) to make sure that you actually want to use the app.\
Analyse: At the end of the day, analysis will show you the amount of phone usage that is logged within the timer. We also provide simple ways  to regain control of your phone use.\
___________________________________________\
For support or enquires: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:troppussliar@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 troppussliar@gmail.com}}\
\

\f0\b FAQ\
Why do you need my location?\

\f1\b0 We do not need your location, but the iOS system does.\
\
Due to limitations in the iOS system, location service needs to be enabled to ensure that the app stay \'91alive\'92 in the background. This ensures that the app will accurately send you notifications to stop using your phone. Your location will never be tracked or stored and it is only used for the app to work properly.\
\

\f0\b What is this app for?\

\f1\b0 Rails aims to introduce responsible phone usage.\
\
After a long day, we all want to unwind by checking out the latest news, or play a few rounds of game. However, we sometimes lose track of time and end up using our phones for hours when we wanted to only briefly interact with it. This is even more prevalent with the introduction of endless scrolling, unlimited new content, and autoplay of suggestion videos. One solution is to delete these apps and not to use them at all, but there is a better solution that allows you to relax while remaining productive.\
\
Instead of discouraging you from totally using your phone, we believe that using your phone for any means is acceptable as long as you remain in control. The app encourages you to be conscious of why you are using your phone and how long you want to use it for. This ensures that you do not sidetrack from your goal and spend hours on games and the social media. \
\
Start by setting a timer in the widget app and the app will take care of the rest by reminding you to stop using your phone.\
\

\f0\b Why are there so many notifications?\

\f1\b0 Whenever you turn on your phone, the app will send a notification after thirty seconds of usage to remind you to set a timer if you have yet to.\
\
Once the timer is up, the app will tell you to stop using your phone. If the phone is not shut off, the app will send a reminder to stop using your phone 30, 60 and 90 seconds after the timer is up.\
\

\f0\b I want more time after my timer is up!
\f1\b0 \
Sure! Just swipe down on any notification to set a snooze alarm.\
\

\f0\b Will this app affect my battery life?\

\f1\b0 Not at all! The app does a minimal amount of processing while in the background to protect battery life. It is designed from the ground up to compute as efficiently as possible and we are confident that you will not see a dip in battery life. In fact, you will probably see an increase in battery life due to a decrease in phone usage.
\f0\b \
\
The app that I want is not listed!\

\f1\b0 We are sorry to hear that! Do send us the name of the app that you would like to use in the widget at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:troppussliar@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 troppussliar@gmail.com}} (that is railssupport reversed) and we will try to include it as soon as possible.\

\f0\b \
Rails stops sending me notification!\

\f1\b0 This can happen for a variety of reasons. The most common issue is that the app was terminated when it was swiped up in the multitasking menu. Although Rails is able to automatically resume tracking in certain situations, it is recommended that the app is never terminated so that it can function properly. Please be assured that the app will not take up any memory and slow your phone down.
\f0\b \
\
Need more help?\

\f1\b0 Contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:troppussliar@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 troppussliar@gmail.com}} (that is railssupport reversed)\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Tutorial
\f1\b0 \
Tutorial v2\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}
\b Rails
\b0  -  keeping your phone use on track\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	2.	}
\b A 1 minute tutorial
\b0  - Have you ever opened an app thinking you will only use it for a few minutes to check out something?\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	3.	}
\b Not again! 
\b0 - \'85and turn off your phone only finding that an hour has passed\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	4.	}
\b Control 
\b0 - With our app, you plan for how long you want to use your phone and when you want to stop\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	5.	}
\b Widget
\b0  - Place your app in the widget and access it from the homescreen. \\n Hold down the app to set the time you can use the app\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	6.	}
\b Notification
\b0  - When the timer is up, you will receive a notification from us to stop using the phone. \\n Wrap up and stop using the app.\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	7.	}
\b Empower yourself
\b0  - With our app, you make each continual use of your phone deliberate. \\n Every time you shut off your phone or decide not to, you regain control of your time. \
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	8.	}
\b Analyse
\b0  - At the end of the day, analysis will show you the amount of phone usage that is logged within the timer. We also provide simple ways  to regain control of your phone use.\
\ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	9.	}
\b \'93Delayed gratification\'94 Something else
\b0  - wait for 10 seconds before each app launch (that can be bypassed) to make sure that you actually want to use the app\
}